February 16 2008 I hand it directly to
don't interrupt so you had the car for
two weeks I picked up the cart your hand
down or else you're going out do you
understand yeah food
you knew that he had a suspended license
yes she was completely prepared I asked
you a question just drive it back to the
apartment and park it until he got his
license no no that's not sure did you
hear me
I said people just don't stand up here
she was able to drive the car the whole
to listen to me don't say anything I
don't need any help from you hey who she
was I've never seen her before in my
life okay now out just a second out just
out just out thank you very much
there's only one ringmaster here that's
me yeah and I've never missed a second
she showed up at your door and said I
opened the door though
goodbye it's getting more orderly here
by the moment she's gonna be doing a
great job license then you wouldn't have
gotten into trouble so kiss your deposit
goodbye not your hand down yeah throw me
let him throw him out she got him
driving she let him go he knew he was
gonna drive out I'm going out but it's
all wrong going out well buddy hears you
except yourself
she knew he's gonna drive do you
understand sir yes I do perfect